RULES - add definitions for all supported rules (#375)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: RULES.md

| Error ID      | Error Title         |
|---------------|---------------------------|
| [E001](#E001) | Missing required `field` | 
| [E003](#E003) | Missing required `file` | 
| [E004](#E004) | Invalid csv row length | 

> | [E006](#E005) | Cannot parse `integer` | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [E005](#E005) | Cannot parse `integer` | 
```

> | [E009](#E006) | Cannot parse `float` | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [E006](#E006) | Cannot parse `float` | 
```

> | [E010](#E007) | Cannot `download` archive | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [E007](#E007) | Cannot `download` archive | 
```

> | [E010](#E008) | Cannot `unzip` archive | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [E008](#E008) | Cannot `unzip` archive | 
```

| [E010](#E010) | `Integer` field value out of range | 
| [E011](#E011) | `Float` field value out of range | 
| [E012](#E012) | Invalid `url` field value |
| [E013](#E013) | Invalid `timezone` field value |

> | [E015](#E014) | Invalid `color` field value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [E014](#E014) | Invalid `color` field value |
```

> | [E016](#E015) | Missing required `value` | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [E015](#E015) | Missing required `value` | 
```

<a name="E013"/>

### E013 - Invalid timezone field value

Value of field with type `timezone` is not valid.

#### References:
* [Field Types Description](http://gtfs.org/reference/static/#field-types)

<a name="E014"/>

### E014 - Invalid color field value

Value of field with type `color` is not valid.

#### References:
* [Field Types Description](http://gtfs.org/reference/static/#field-types)

<a name="E015"/>

### E015 - Missing required value

A value marked as `required` is missing.

<a name="E016"/>

### E016 - Invalid color field value

Value of field with type `time` is not valid.

#### References:
* [Field Types Description](http://gtfs.org/reference/static/#field-types)

<a name="E017"/>

### E017 - Cannot parse date

Value of a field with type `date` could not be parsed as such.

#### References:
* [Field Types Description](http://gtfs.org/reference/static/#field-types)

<a name="E018"/>

### E018 - Invalid currency code

Value of field with type `currency code` is not valid.

#### References:
* [Field Types Description](http://gtfs.org/reference/static/#field-types)

<a name="E019"/>

### E019 - Invalid field combination

> Some fields defined in such a way that cannot be valid under the gtfs specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definition of some fields is not valid under the GTFS specification```
